README.md, before:

# CS472 Group 5
# Members
- Chersa
- Felix Yang
- Andy Vue
- Jacob

# EduEssentials
EduEssentials is a HTML/CSS/JavaScript e-commerce website project designed to provide students with an organized and functional platform to browse and explore essential school supplies for college. This project simulates a realistic online shopping experience for items related to technology, general school supplies, and accessories.

# Purpose 
The purpose of this project is to focus on building a website using HTML/CSS/JS.

# Expectations 
Groups will collaboratively choose the specific domain, focus, and content of their HTML/CSS/JS website but, at a minimum, it will include...
● A README.md file accurately explaining the purpose of the website.
● The consistent use of Git and GitHub for version control and publication.
● The consistent use of a CSS library, such as Bootstrap.
● The creation of a global stylesheet linked to all HTML pages.
● The creation of at least 7 HTML pages, each of which contain links to their own
individual CSS and JS files.
● The use of at least 3 HTML tags not discussed in class.
● The use of JavaScript to dynamically update at least 3 webpages.
● The use of a form and user input to control the content of at least 1 page.
● The use of sessionStorage, localStorage, or cookies to persist some data.
● The use of fetch to dynamically load in data from an external source.
● The documentation of code, especially segments that are complex and/or confusing.
● The demonstration of semantically and syntactically valid HTML, CSS, and JS.
Beyond this, it is also expected that the website will include...
● The thoughtful use of design and organization of content.
● An accessible experience, meeting WCAG - A standards.
● A responsive layout, adapting to phone, tablet, and desktop devices.

The final deliverable must be a professional, well-executed website that demonstrates the above deliverables and could be seen as a “real” site on the web. 

# Structure
- HomePage.html – Landing page with featured products and navigation
- About us.html – Introduces the development team
- Sign In.html – Form for user login/registration (mocked)
- Checkout.html – Cart page using localStorage
- Category pages:
  - Felix's Pens and Pencils.html
  - Jacob's Notebooks and Binders.html
  - Chersa's Tech.html
  - Andy's Accessories.html

  Each category page renders specific products from a shared JavaScript file (app.js) using the data-page attribute.

# Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3 + Bootstrap 5
- JavaScript (DOM, localStorage)
- Git & GitHub Pages

# License

This project is for educational purposes only and is not intended for commercial use.

Commit message:

Added description about fetch to README

README.md, after:

# CS472 Group 5
# Members
- Chersa
- Felix Yang
- Andy Vue
- Jacob

# EduEssentials
EduEssentials is a HTML/CSS/JavaScript e-commerce website project designed to provide students with an organized and functional platform to browse and explore essential school supplies for college. This project simulates a realistic online shopping experience for items related to technology, general school supplies, and accessories.

# Purpose 
The purpose of this project is to focus on building a website using HTML/CSS/JS. We implemented interactive features such as filtering, dynamic content updates, and used the fetch() API to load real product data from an external source on the homepage and Chersa's Tech page.

# Expectations 
Groups will collaboratively choose the specific domain, focus, and content of their HTML/CSS/JS website but, at a minimum, it will include...
● A README.md file accurately explaining the purpose of the website.
● The consistent use of Git and GitHub for version control and publication.
● The consistent use of a CSS library, such as Bootstrap.
● The creation of a global stylesheet linked to all HTML pages.
● The creation of at least 7 HTML pages, each of which contain links to their own
individual CSS and JS files.
● The use of at least 3 HTML tags not discussed in class.
● The use of JavaScript to dynamically update at least 3 webpages.
● The use of a form and user input to control the content of at least 1 page.
● The use of sessionStorage, localStorage, or cookies to persist some data.
● The use of fetch to dynamically load in data from an external source.
● The documentation of code, especially segments that are complex and/or confusing.
● The demonstration of semantically and syntactically valid HTML, CSS, and JS.
Beyond this, it is also expected that the website will include...
● The thoughtful use of design and organization of content.
● An accessible experience, meeting WCAG - A standards.
● A responsive layout, adapting to phone, tablet, and desktop devices.

The final deliverable must be a professional, well-executed website that demonstrates the above deliverables and could be seen as a “real” site on the web. 

# Structure
- HomePage.html – Landing page with featured products and navigation
- About us.html – Introduces the development team
- Sign In.html – Form for user login/registration (mocked)
- Checkout.html – Cart page using localStorage
- Category pages:
  - Felix's Pens and Pencils.html
  - Jacob's Notebooks and Binders.html
  - Chersa's Tech.html
  - Andy's Accessories.html

  Each category page renders specific products from a shared JavaScript file (app.js) using the data-page attribute.

# Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3 + Bootstrap 5
- JavaScript (DOM, localStorage, fetch API)
- Git & GitHub Pages

# License

This project is for educational purposes only and is not intended for commercial use.
